For example, height and
the height of the plane.
However, the air commander sometimes needs extreme height,
and sometimes he needs extreme height.
In case of need, it must be divided into 12 parts.
Also, courage and calmness are not easy to prepare money for the same person,
and sometimes the air commander needs to be brave and rush with the momentum of the strong wind.
Sometimes he needs calmness and calmness.
This is not limited to the air commander,
but I think that the special needs of the air force are extremely high.
In other words, if you go forward, you can fly the first time in the air,
and you can use your intelligence and intelligence to measure your lack of combat power.
Moreover, there is no way to supply ammunition and fuel during direct combat,
so you need to command the troops.
The ability of the air commander to command the troops
without fighting in the battlefield where the weather is the most directly strong
is up to you to think that it must evolve.
The qualities of courage, calmness, courage, security, calmness, etc.
The qualities of courage, calmness, and calmness are all combined in one personality.
Depending on the situation, the necessary parts are immediately expressed,
and it must be divided into 12 parts.
I think that the high-level air command was the symbol of my Kato Tate.
As Kato was in my subordinate,
I saw his amazing height, height, and range.
I was secretly taught that this would be the same as the previous subordinate of Kato.
When the Great East Asia War began,
Kato was satisfied with the new air plane given to him,
and he sent his subordinates, such as Marei, Sumatra, Java, and Vilma,
to the sky of the continent to perform various missions to achieve this high-level air force.
A former radio operator, Aro Sanbo, came back from contacting the soldiers.
He told me that the Kato squadron was always slacking off,
and he made me take over the Kato squadron.
Thank you for watching.